[Music]
find out who is secretly in love with
you do you sometimes feel lonely and
dream of finding true love well don't
despair chances are that there's
somebody in your life right now who's
secretly in love with you if you can't
wait to find out who it is just take
this simple seven question test each
question will give you a certain amount
of points and in the end you'll need to
total your score so get your calculator
ready because you're about to find out
your one and only one how would you
describe yourself in one word a
hard-workin be modest see loyal D
adventurous you've got ten seconds to
make this tough choice try to go with
your gut it'll give you the most honest
answer
[Music]
and now for the hardest part math if you
see yourself as hardworking you get 10
points those who have chosen modesty
over anything else get 0 points
if you chose letter C you get 20 points
for your loyalty and if you are an
adventurous one 30 points are for you -
where do you spend most of your time a
at home be hanging around town C at a
friend's house D at school or work your
ten seconds start now
which option describes where you like to
park it most okay let's see how many
points you can add to your account if
your motto is my home is my castle add
30 points if you can often be seen
wandering around town you don't get any
additional points if you prefer to spend
most of your time over at a friend's
place add 20 points and if you mostly
see nothing but the walls of your office
or school collect your 10 points 3 if
you are in a jam who would you call
first a a family member be a good friend
see anyone nearby D a neighbor you only
get to pick one which one will it be
you're 10 seconds are ticking away
[Music]
all right let's see the points if the
first person who comes to your mind is
someone in your family don't add
anything to the point you already have
if you immediately call your friend when
you are in a pickle add 20 points to
your account if you try to get any
random person around to help you out
toss in 10 points and if you decide to
address your neighbor 30 points are
coming your way for which season is your
favorite a winter be spring C summer D
fall this choice shouldn't be too
difficult not unless you have two
favorites but remember just choose one
within the next 10 seconds
[Music]
all right let's check out the results
winter lovers get 20 points if you jump
for joy when spring rolls around you get
0 points if you can't get enough of that
summer Sun you can add 30 points to your
account and finally if you've fallen in
love with fall you get 10 points 5 if
you have some free time on your hands
you're most likely a studying be
shopping see singing D doing something
else hmm
what if I spend all my free time
knitting yes I'll have to go with
something else
[Music]
oops you're 10 seconds are about over
have you made your choice if you like
studying and have a real thirst for
knowledge 20 points go to you all of the
shopaholics out there give yourself 10
points and you beautiful nightingales
that sing while doing the dishes driving
taking a shower or whatever you get 30
points and if your free time activity is
considered something else you get 0
points well I guess knitting isn't in
anymore 6 what's your idea of the
perfect date a going to the movies
beef chatting over a cup of coffee see a
romantic dinner D meeting at a bar
already have your preference in mind if
not 10 seconds might help you out
and now let's do some more math going to
the movies brings you know extra points
but if you've chosen to chat with your
date over a cup of coffee you get 10
points those who would never turn down a
romantic dinner 20 points are for you
and if you're cool with just heading to
a local bar you can throw 30 points into
your point basket 7 who do you spend
most of your time with a co-worker's be
friends see family D strangers or your
final decision you get 10 seconds again
choose wisely
[Music]
if you're the type of person who prefers
the company of co-workers add ten points
hanging out with friends more often than
not will bring you 20 points and if you
love spending time with your family 30
points coming your way and if you like
to be surrounded by strangers well sorry
but you get no points at all all right
the questions are over but we've still
got some calculations to do how much
time do you need to add up all your
points how about 10 seconds
[Music]
I bet you're on the edge of your seat
dying to find out who's in love with you
right now as we speak well here are your
results from zero to fifty points your
first crush a while ago you might have
thought they didn't even notice you but
time is fast and nowadays your first
crush can't get you out of their head
you have grown into a confident and
wonderful person your first crush has
definitely noticed so the real question
is what will you do with that knowledge
from 60 to 100 your co-worker looks like
love is in the air at your workspace one
of your co-workers is crazy about you
checking emails helping customers and
daydreaming about you yep that's their
typical work day how do you feel about
office romances weigh all the pros and
cons carefully before diving in
headfirst from 110 to 150 your best
friend
oops it turns out that your best friend
might want to be more than just friends
you have a loyal and beautiful
personality so it's no wonder their
heart is on fire but this person better
pluck up the courage to confess their
love for you or you might end up leaving
them in the friendzone forever from 160
to 210 your neighbor if you've been
wondering why your neighbor keeps
stopping by to ask a question or borrow
some sugar well here's your answer
this person is simply in love with the
cutie next door aka you and they're just
trying to use any chance to see you how
do you feel about your results do you
think it's pretty accurate tell us in
the comments below and share this video
with your friends who knows perhaps
it'll help them find their true love
remember to hit the like button if you
had a good time taking the test and if
you haven't subscribed to our channel
yet you better get to it we have so much
fun stuff on the bright side of life
you